great
so this surfers will crate and it is for
the month of August and the theme for
August loot crate is what superheroes or
heroes that's the theme so I haven't
watched any other loot crate video so I
have no idea what is inside this month's
loot crate and I'm really excited I've
seen some really awesome stuff and mommy
and Gracie get the loot crate and it
just looked like really like a lot of
fun so I decided to sign up and see if I
liked it so I thought it would be fun to
have violet opening it up with me today
from mommy Wednesday I got the kisses by
banks oh I don't know what's inside so
let's get it opened and then we'll show
you what's inside okay guys so I haven't
looked inside let's see what gosh my
brothers were so happy when I need your
help
shush your mouth in opinion okay hold on
we'll go through it one day okay so
first thing in the box
my little sunglasses my brother is going
to be so happy
okay so let me just do one thing at a
time we just some Michaelangelo
sunglasses which are super full oh my
god Kingston's gonna love these cuz we
were actually at the store today and he
wanted to get a Michelangelo mask so
he's willing in a lake and oh my gosh
how cool are those then we also got a
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle blues action
glow-in-the-dark series
and this is made by Kim robots which is
really cool in its Michelangelo as well
so these are the who's actually
glow-in-the-dark series and it says
collect them all comes with Donatello
Michelangelo Raphael Leonardo splinter
and shredder and we got the Michelangelo
and then we also got this cool thing
that just says loot crate and it says
August choose 2014 heroes and it's got
some superheroes on it okay then we've
got what is this College its wings and
there are wings that you can add to here
sneakers which are pretty cool they're
like lightning bolts so they're kind of
like the flash dad can uses I don't know
if Danny would have put these on issues
with me Kingston won't put them on
issues like those are wash so these are
swings from swing nation and yeah
they're really cool I've never seen
those before those are really
interesting so we got some gold wings
swings in this picture there yeah I
guess they come in different colors we
got a Sonic the Hedgehog air freshener
for the car hey Gracie I don't know what
the scent is but a Sonic the Hedgehog
which is pretty cool those a piece
that's cuz grandma is cooking peas
downstairs yeah the inside of the box is
pretty cool too it's like like decorated
it's like oh then we've got what is that
a pamphlet on stuff you can buy like you
can buy Deadpool socks like this yeah so
this is let's just show them the front
it's heroes issue 13 so it's like it's
every month when you get a loot crate it
shows you it says teen crawl the stuff
that's in it and and it's stuff from the
past months at the back it says team
loot crate we love you then we got
this magnet and it says Wilson's
chimichangas the breakfast of
anti-heroes okay so cool little magnet
and then we also got bonus digital
bloops so you get Doctor Who legacy
puzzle game Defense Grid The Awakening I
think these are all like games so you
get like codes to play some games online
which is pretty cool last but not least
we got so that is like the coolest thing
this is a limited edition pop figure
Groot
from guardians of the galaxy is a clear
hand yes so he has a glow-in-the-dark
hand and it's a loot crate exclusive you
can also get it for cool also get
star-lord rap Rocket Raccoon Drax Gamora
and start and another star type of
star-lord so those are all the guardians
of the galaxy pops but this one is loot
crate exclusive and he's so cool I
cannot wait to atoms in my pop
collection because I love Groot daddy
and I saw guardians of the galaxy at the
theater and it was a really cool movie
until then then we'll open
okay so there's Bruce what's the green
circle his moss on it
his Massa I have um a pop and it's
Merida my brother has the Batman but he
keeps it in the playroom I keep it
bubble level level I like it he's cool
he's cute I want to get through it like
hope girl the girl that looks like the
girl
I'm the green girl looks like she would
be married to Hulk she's the Mora so
overall I am really really happy with
our first loot crate we got some really
awesome goodies and I cannot wait to
find out what next month's theme is
super cool so Kingston is
we happy with the lootcrate goodies
because these were perfect for him
what's next Barbie no I don't they'll be
Barbie and lootcrate cuz look crate is
for everybody boys young girls and he is
very excited to get that monkey open
fifteens I'd wonder dirtbag okay well
thank you guys so much for watching it
if you enjoyed this video please give us
a thumbs up or tree hands burnt your
hand up don't forget to subscribe you
can follow us on all our social media we
have Facebook Instagram Twitter Google+
and we also have an Etsy shop called
lighting violet blue designs were make
clothes for American Girl dolls we hope
you guys are having an awesome day and
we'll see you in the next video thanks
for watching